ok guys so I was in the store
week and I just happened
print ribbon and you know what I went
ahead and picked it up along with all of
these other ribbons weld this and this
I've already had but I picked up some
football print ribbon and of course I
needed red because I'm out and I didn't
have time to order any and I got some
white and some silver and some of this
metallic red and then just some red
white dot and I decided that we would go
ahead and do a couple of design ideas
for super bowl and i believe the teams
are the new york giants and the patriots
and of course we are fans of neither
team but some of you out there might be
and i thought i would give you a couple
of new design ideas in case you want to
make your little girl some hair bows to
wear for the super bowl parties so let's
see what we can do I guess the first one
I will do is a new england patriots hair
bow and i'm going to use some of this
royal blue and white star print ribbon
and we'll use the red and white stripe
along with the silver happily this is I
don't know this might be one-fourth inch
it doesn't say right there yeah one
fourth of an inch ribbon will use this
metallic red just because I want to
reuse it it's shimmery and pretty and it
is I think it's a 58 inch it says seven
sixteenth of an inch I don't know but it
looks maybe a little bit smaller than 5
8th of niche and I've got some red and
of course our football print so let's
see what we can come up with like I
mentioned earlier i'm going to be using
these seven different ribbons for the
Patriots bow and i'm going to leave a
link down below in the description box
of where you can get these ribbons along
with the measurements lengths and all
that good stuff that you'll need to make
this bow as usual this is just a design
idea and i know i say this in every
video but i still get comments you know
asking why didn't I show them how to
make the different parts of the bows I'm
going to leave links below in the
description box so any part for this bow
that we make will be in the description
box okay our boat is going to have six
parts the base is going to be a classic
boutique followed by our three sets of
pinwheels one two three then I've got
the shimmery red ribbon and I made a
surround a boat and then on top is our
twister topper with the red and white
stripe and the middle of silver and the
process in which I'm going to place each
bow part I'm going to of course use my
classic boutique for my base then what's
starting with the larger pinwheel
followed by our football print pinwheel
is going to go on top of that one and
then I'm going to place the silver on
top of that that's going to our pinwheel
section and then of course our surround
above next followed by the twister
topper I'm going to go ahead and put
these all together for you and show you
what it looks like now for my pinwheels
I'm going to be using three different
sets we're going to be for the first
layer I've got this royal blue and white
star print ribbon it's I think one and a
half inch and then I've got my red and
white stripe and there's five pieces of
ribbon here I've got three of the blue
and white and then two of the red and
white stripe and I just layered them
together like this just one on top of
the other until it forms a pattern
you've got the blue on bottom followed
by the red and white and the blue and
the red and white and the blue on top so
that's going to be my bottom pin wheel
and then I'm going to take that football
print ribbon 78 inch and I've just got
to pieces and I put them together but
I'm going to lay them on top of this
ribbon like this long ways like that in
then I just took that silver one-fourth
inch ribbon and I've got one two three
four pieces of that and we just layered
or layered them together and I'm not
even going to do a be cut or slam cut
i'm just going to leave them straight so
there's our three pinwheels okay for my
twister on the top where we're going to
take a 15 Pete okay for the twister
topper I am taking 15 inches of my red
and white stripe 7 8th inch ribbon and
I'm going to take two pieces of the
silver and this is one-fourth inch
ribbon and I'm just going to cut to 15
inch pieces of the silver and I'm going
to glue right on top right in the middle
see how did that of the red and white
stripe right here in the middle where
the red stripe is I'm just going to
overlay the silver on top and just glue
it down I'm going to do that on both
sides
you
okay guys here's what we came up with
for the Patriots bow it's definitely got
a lot of shimmer and shine and just
silver look at all that silver and just
shimmer and blue and red I like it I
like it a lot so yeah I hope you guys
like it